Reinvestment Period: The "Reinvestment Period" will be the period from and including
the Closing Date to and including the earliest of (i) the Payment
Date in April 2030, (ii) any date on which the Maturity of any Class
of Rated Debt is accelerated following an Event of Default pursuant
to the Indenture and (iii) any date on which the Investment Manager
reasonably determines that it can no longer reinvest in additional
Collateral Obligations in accordance with the Indenture or the
Investment Management Agreement; provided that, in the case of
this clause (iii), the Investment Manager notifies the Issuer and the
Collateral Trustee (who shall notify the Holders of Notes, the
Collateral Administrator and the Rating Agencies) thereof at least
five Business Days prior to such date.
Optional Redemption:
Non-Call Period During the period from the Closing Date to but excluding April 23,
2027 (such period, the "Non-Call Period"), the Debt is not subject
to Optional Redemption but is subject to Special Redemption and
Tax Redemption. See Section 9.2 of the Indenture.
Redemption After Non-Call Period On any Business Day after the Non-Call Period, at the written
direction of (i) a Majority of the Subordinated Notes (with the prior
written consent of the Investment Manager) or the Investment
Manager (with the prior written consent of a Majority of the
Subordinated Notes), all Classes of Rated Debt will be redeemed by
the Applicable Issuers (in whole but not in part) from Refinancing
Proceeds or Sale Proceeds; provided that no such redemption may
occur without the prior written consent of the Investment Manager
if any portion of such redemption will be from Refinancing
Proceeds; or (ii) a Majority of the Subordinated Notes (with the prior
written consent of the Investment Manager) or the Investment
Manager (with the prior written consent of a Majori
...
riority of Payments." The "Coverage Tests" will consist of the
Overcollateralization Ratio Test and the Interest Coverage Test,
each as applied to each specified Class or Classes of Debt.
The "Overcollateralization Ratio Test" and "Interest Coverage
Test" applicable to a designated Class or Classes of the Debt will be
satisfied as of any date of determination on which such Coverage
Test is applicable, if (1) the applicable Overcollateralization Ratio
or Interest Coverage Ratio, as the case may be, is at least equal to
the applicable ratio indicated below or (2) such Class or Classes of
the Debt is no longer Outstanding. There is no interest coverage test
in respect of the Class E-R Notes.
Class Required Interest Coverage Ratio (%)
A/B 115.00%
C 110.00%
D 105.00%
Class Required Overcollateralization Ratio (%)
A/B 121.58%
C 113.95%
D 106.68%
E 103.20%
Measurement of the degree of compliance with the
Overcollateralization Ratio Tests will be required as of any date
after the Closing Date on which such tests are required to be
33
determined under the Indenture. Measurement of the degree of
compliance with the Interest Coverage Tests will be required as of
any date after the Closing Date on which such tests are required to
be determined under the Indenture. If the Coverage Tests are not
satisfied on any such date, the Issuer will be required to apply
available amounts in the Payment Account on the related Payment
Date to the repayment of principal of the Debt in accordance with
the Priority of Payments to the extent necessary to achieve
compliance with such Coverage Tests.
Interest Diversion Test: The "Interest Diversion Test" is a test that will be satisfied on any
Measurement Date during the Reinvestment Period on which Class
E-R Notes remain outstanding if the Overcollateralization Ratio
with respect to the Class E-R Notes as of such Measurement Date is
at least equal to 103.70%.
During the Reinvestment Period, if the Interest Diversion Test is not
satisfied on a Determination Date, the lesser of (i) 50% of the
Interest Proceeds remaining on the related Payment Date after
application of Interest Proceeds under clauses (A) through (Q) of the
Priority of Interest Proceeds and (ii) the amount necessary to cause
the Interest Diversion Test to be satisfied as of such Determination
Date will be deposited into the Collection Account as Principal
Proceeds and used during the Reinvestment Period to purchase
additional Collateral Obligations.
Issuer Accounts: In connection with the Original Closing Date, the Collateral Trustee
established certain segregated accounts in the name of the Issuer
subject to the lien of the Collateral Trustee for the benefit of the
Secured Parties. Provisions relating to the accounts are set forth in
Article X of the Indenture.
Other Information:
Listing, Trading and Form of Notes .............. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Rated Notes
to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Global
Exchang
...
Out Loans, Unsecured Loans or Permitted Non-Loan Assets issued by
a single obligor and its Affiliates;
Rating of "Caa1" or
"CCC+" and below ............................ (iv) (1) not more than 7.5% of the Collateral Principal Amount may
consist of Collateral Obligations with a Moody's Rating of "Caa1" or
below and (2) not more than 7.5% of the Collateral Principal Amount
may consist of Collateral Obligations with an S&P Rating of "CCC+"
or below;
Interest Paid Less Frequently
Than Quarterly .....